Stop. Police.
Mr. Jinba!
He had called the HQ
before heading to the site.
This may get treated
as an accident in the line of duty.
I'll keep you posted on that.
Please.
Those are gifts
that people leave him every day.
Surprisingly, people liked him.
Yeah.
Mr. Jinba.
The police will do their best
to help him recover.
Will he recover?
He's been like this for ten days.
What if he never wakes up?
October 8th 2019. The Olympic Games are…
The second period
of ticket sales starts next week.
There's a guy who'd pay two million
for the opening ceremony ticket.
Only the rich can get in the stadium.
NEW STADIUM NEARLY  COMPLETE
The committee is taking
applications for volunteers.
Let's work together to make
the Olympic Games in Tokyo a success.
The new national stadium will…
No.1 HQ to all stations.
An old man has been beaten.
It's near Sumishima. Nearby cars, respond.
MIU 404 to…
MIU 401 to No.1 HQ.
Heading from Kandazeki, over.
Roger.
Mr. Shima and Mr. Ibuki are on 401?
There's no other car.
Call sign is simply the GPS number.
And the van?
Rumor that the van belongs
to the bomber spread on the Internet.
Some were spreading
the news with no thought.
The van is in the parking lot.
It lost its job.
In the end, 404 did become "not found."
The spread of the rumor that 404 was
the bomber's vehicle has stopped.
It's self-purification of the Internet.
Self-purification?
-Like self-purification of the sea.
-I see.
People have seen
the van running with the siren on.
Other said they got help
from the cops on the van.
Posts made
by these people put out the fire.
Concerning the fake bomb
attacks in 12 places in Tokyo,
people realized it was
misinformation the next day.
It didn't end so well in the real world.
This is a report from the Dispatcher HQ.
The explosion videos were made
by an amateur oblivious of the case.
The videos were uploaded
at 23:00 p.m. sharp.
The first emergency calls were made
at around the same time.
The perp's associates
must've made those calls.
We dispatched police cars,
MIU cars and ambulances.
Dispatcher HQ was having a meltdown.
The incident caused
late responses to 28 emergency calls.
That many?
Of which three had serious consequences.
A woman had a miscarriage
due to a late response.
An old temple went down in flames.
A cop looking for a donut EP
factory got hit by a truck.
Had I been there as his partner,
the result would have been different.
We've something to say about the Olympics.
We're just telling you
not to block the pedestrian walk.
-You pushed me.
-I barely touched you.
Break it up. Police.
Are you okay?
The athletes are working hard
amid this anti-Olympics mood.
I get that.
Take their side, you government poodles.
That's not what this is about.
You both have a perspective, right?
It's not like…
I want to be against the Olympics.
I wish I could…
welcome the Olympics like I did as a kid.
I understand.
I'm tired.
No evidence of assault.
Returning to covert patrol.
Roger.
Let's go.
This city is getting cleaner every day.
Yes.
I'm looking forward to the Olympics.
-I applied to be the torch bearer.
-You did?
Mr. Jinba was like,
"You have to do it. Apply now."
So, I did.
You want to go see him after work?
Well?
We'll sit down and tell him stories.
Our visit won't wake him up.
-You're in a really strange mood.
-Whatever. Let's go.
I know you've got something to say.
No, I don't.
I know what goes through your mind.
That night, we went to the hospital
instead of going after Kuzumi.
What could've we done?
There was no way of telling
that Kuzumi was bluffing.
You're right.
As a result, Mr. Jinba was treated late,
and his hematoma deteriorated.
Now, he's in a coma.
Kuzumi has vanished.
My old self would've chased
Kuzumi without a doubt.
Old self?
What? Before pairing up with me?
When I was with First Investigation.
Is it my fault?
-No. It's not about you.
-Huh?
It's about me relying on others
to make decisions.
It was my mistake.
Visitor with receipt number three.
Hello.
Shigeo Gamagori has refused to meet you.
He could at least take the gift.
I advise you to give up.
Gamagori refuses to see anyone.
That won't change anytime soon.
Sometimes, there are guys
who have that kind of resolve.
I will not forgive, even if it
denies my career as a cop.
Visitor with receipt number four.
I will not forgive.
I will not forgive…
"I will not forgive, even if it
denies my career as a cop."
I don't need this gift anymore. Take it.
Mr. Jinba's unconscious.
He can't eat anything.
Magazines…
and pajamas?
So, what's your situation?
They haven't decided where to transfer me.
They told me to use up my paid holidays.
You're on vacation? How awesome is that?
Seriously?
Not really.
You got off your shift? Where's Mr. Shima?
I don't know.
We got Kuzumi's portrait from Narikawa,
but we can't publicize it
due to lack of evidence.
The drug factory is not in his name.
The truck that hit
Mr. Jinba had a fake plate.
No.5 are after Kuzumi,
but will they find him?
Mr. Jinba is here because…
It's still Kuzumi
that put Mr. Jinba in a coma.
I will not forgive, even if it
denies my career as a cop.
Hakata udon.
My favorite.
JINBA
Hello.
For ten days…
I was locked up.
Naturally.
The bomb threat was sent from…
It wasn't me.
Kuzumi took over my PC…
There was no sign
of Kuzumi getting into your PC.
No virus attack either.
I said it was Kuzumi…
You know how you got released?
Because I had taped our conversation.
It didn't prove Kuzumi's involvement,
but it did prove that of a third party.
You got saved by the police
that you hate so much.
It's all gone.
Your PC and server will soon come back.
How am I portrayed on the Internet now?
"Nightcrawler Rec staged all this."
"Loser threatened the police."
"His real name is Yukai Kojima."
It wasn't me. They posted my real name.
Now you know
how the people you exposed felt.
Would you like to find him?
Or do you want to finish as the loser?
Are you telling me
to cooperate with the police?
Not with the police.
Cooperate with me.
Rules are top priority for the police.
Kuzumi knows this well
and takes advantage of it.
I don't think I'll ever catch him
as long as I'm a cop.
You're going to resign?
I see.
Perhaps I want to resign.
Huh?
Yes.
I think I want to.
Being the strong…
fair…
just police officer.
I'm tired of it all.
Even if you resign,
you still have to settle the score.
Is that it?
What do I do?
I'll repay your favor.
You helped me,
and I want to get back at him.
Tell me what to do.
Find out who is selling
this smartphone case.
This special crystal
isn't produced in Japan.
The police would take forever to find out.
I'll use the collective
intelligence of the Internet.
But Kuzumi might find out
about our search.
That's what worries me.
Getting attention
without getting noticed by Kuzumi.
Getting attention is going to be hard
without using my account.
Attention…
Kuzumi's portrait.
We'll publicize it.
The police officers
actually went into action.
How gullible?
This is our police…
Listen to this guy.
If the police hadn't gone,
it would've been a huge scandal.
Absolutely.
Oh…
Hey.
I'll go ask for new ones.
Listen.
We're removing the rumors
about you on the Internet,
but removing everything will be tough.
Uh-huh…
"Uh-huh?" That's it?
I got accepted
at a kindergarten. I can work again.
I can eat out like this again.
Some parents might
bother you over the rumors.
I've survived the bottom of that well.
Nothing scares me now.
But I'll need to stay
with you a little longer.
Come on.
Stay with us as long as you want.
You can stay until you get married.
If not, we'll be
two old ladies living together.
Gosh.
Why would you cry?
-You made her cry.
-Thanks.
I did not.
-You made her cry.
-I didn't.
You did.
I mean…
you're about to lose something important.
That's the life of a cop.
You get transferred regularly.
This time, a little early.
In this case, I have attracted
unnecessary attention,
which provoked unnecessary conjectures.
The police possess enormous authority.
Thus, we cannot lose our credibility.
Hence,
I've decided to resign as captain
of No.1 and No.4 MIU.
I was the first female captain.
Some were in disgust.
I did come under pressure.
But you didn't get caught up
with my gender or age,
and you did great work
as good police officers.
I'd like to thank you
for your work over the past 18 months.
The past six months were
especially challenging.
Mr. Jinba, the No.4 MIU leader,
is not here with us now.
KOKONOE
In 2011, the year of the big earthquake,
I became partners with him at No.3 MIU.
He taught me so many things.
It's hard to accept the situation
that Mr. Jinba is in now.
It's regrettable.
I would've wished
to see the arrest of the perpetrator.
As the captain of MIU,
there are tasks I couldn't finish.
Things I couldn't accomplish.
However,
I believe you will take over my ambitions.
I believe in you.
Thank you so much.
I'm disappointed.
It was Captain Kikyo who created Spider.
It'll be gone once she leaves?
If the new guy sees it unnecessary…
No.4 MIU is no exception.
What?
No.4 was made so the captain
could run it together with No.1.
If the new guy doesn't like it,
he'll shut it down.
By the way,
I found something on the Internet.
It's a portrait.
-A portrait?
-Shima. I need to see you.
Yes.
-Is it connected?
-The portrait?
Right.
Kuzumi's portrait is going
around on the Internet.
It got leaked from the police?
-That can't happen.
-Ow, ow…
Strangely, it isn't the portrait based
on Narikawa's description.
It's a different version.
What do you think this is?
Using the original would be
a breach of conduct.
Did you do it?
Of course not. Please.
What's this URL at the bottom?
Itomaki said not to click it.
It probably sets off a virus.
Who is doing this and for what reason?
Hey, Itomaki.
Yes?
You said you were gathering
all sorts of information.
Yes.
A lot of bad things?
Would that be all?
Kokonoe is worried about Ibuki's behavior.
He said he seemed ready to kill Kuzumi.
I suppose he'd be okay if he's with you.
Maybe it's time
to send that wild idiot back to Okutama.
What?
That was the deal.
If he's not cut out for MIU,
we send him back.
That's what you said.
We'll make a proposition
to the new captain,
and transfer him elsewhere.
Here he comes.
Hey, Shima. Don't ignore me.
Hey.
What are you doing alone?
That portrait was really bad.
I know you did.
I made a proposition
to send you back to Okutama.
What?
I had been told
to assess your eligibility.
September seems…
If you want to fight, just say so.
Say that before you punch me.
Why don't you hit me back?
No thanks.
Let go.
Are you okay?
Thank you.
That doesn't look like me.
What are you, myopic?
An obvious trap.
Amateur. Who would fall for that?
Trash!
I did it, no one's ever
done it like this before.
You did it? The new drug?
Oh yeah! You wanna try?
No way.
Drugs are for stupid people.
Welcome.
What's up?
It's spreading well,
and we're getting traffic.
We're starting to get information.
GATHERING INFO ON THIS SMARTPHONE CASE
The careless and curious falling
for clickbait. Should I be troubled,
or thankful?
The one closest
to the manufacturer seems like…
this artist on Facenote.
Raymond, living in London.
He only accepts
email messages from friends.
I've sent him a message just in case,
but no response.
The UK is an ICPO member.
Huh?
NPA can request for their cooperation.
NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY
I didn't think you'd use me
like this one day.
Especially when you were the one guy,
who never called me "The DG's son."
I've said it in my mind.
Show me.
I also want to get Kuzumi
for what he did to Mr. Jinba.
So I used my father's connection to get
help from London. But it isn't right.
You must respect the procedure of MPD.
I've told you already.
It's legal but beyond
the scope of a police op.
I can't openly tell my boss about this.
-That's it?
-Yeah.
Nine smartphone cases
were shipped to Japan.
Three to a sundry shop in Shimokitazawa.
Four to personal customers.
Two c/o Tokyo Bay Marina.
Tokyo Bay Marina.
No name. Just a code.
That's suspect.
Is Mr. Ibuki aware of all this?
No.
Why not?
He's your partner.
Which is just a temporary colleague.
We've different opinions.
I can't get his opinion on everything.
Seriously?
When we lost Kuzumi because I listened
to Ibuki, I thought to myself,
"Why did I trust him?"
I couldn't believe I trusted him.
Since when did I become
dependent on a partner?
I shouldn't have trusted him.
When things go right,
he's the best partner.
When things go wrong, it's all his fault.
Selfish, huh?
Ibuki is careless,
but he's a righteous guy.
I want him to stay righteous.
One cop like him wouldn't hurt.
He should be able to help people.
He could help so many people.
Kariya of First Investigation
could do the job.
He should be able to control Ibuki well.
What about you?
Me?
I guess I could pick up
another profession if I so choose.
Are you about to cross a line as a cop?
A leading question.
You're starting to resemble a cop.
I can't do this.
Mr. Jinba's in that state.
What do I do if you leave too?
You'll go back to NPA. It doesn't matter.
You can't tell me that now.
Depending on the switches we press,
we become good or bad. You told me that.
Don't break the rules.
You must not act alone.
Do I act as a cop?
Or do I act alone?
That sucked.
If you want to fight, just say so.
I'm very sorry.
Mr. Ibuki told me to watch you,
so you wouldn't go out of control.
Look who's talking.
Did something happen?
The captain is here. Should I tell her…?
No. Nothing.
She knows nothing.
And you know nothing.
If something happens, nobody is to blame.
Um…
Come on…
What?
Where are you?
I don't know. Where am I?
We'll each go our own way, right?
A partner is just a temporary thing.
Once we break up, that's it.
We'll be strangers.
How could you eavesdrop on me?
I was imitating you.
Listen.
I don't know how much you heard, but I…
Tokyo Bay Marina…
Hello.
I'm here to pick up a parcel. G11.
Hello, hello.
A parcel?
Yes.
There should be a box down here.
Sorted by berth number.
Oh, over here.
So, you said the number is G…
-11.
-One moment.
Let's see.
Yes. Well,
it looks like you have no parcel.
All right. Thank you.
No problem.
So, I hear…
people call you Trash around here.
The portrait actually does resemble you.
See?
Who's that?
A scumbag named Kuzumi.
His name was Gomi in Meguro.
I looked up the English word trash.
Gomi means "garbage" too.
Why?
I want to talk with you alone.
I see.
So, tell me, Kuzumi.
What are you trying to do?
You make drugs and sell them to kids.
That's no good.
Plus, you killed your partner.
Partner?
Etori.
You two worked together and
used the yakuza gang to make money.
He was just a doll.
Then who do you consider a person?
What is this corny crap?
You're a passionate cop.
I'm just trying to understand.
Why try to understand?
So I can decide
whether to forgive you or not.
What are you, god?
Huh?
What gives you the right to decide?
I don't want your forgiveness.
You've got to understand.
I didn't do anything serious.
Pharmacists want to make drugs.
Users like to use.
A guy who wanted to be
a doll became the doll.
They are all stupid.
Stupid people should just die.
You sound like god yourself.
Sounds like you want
everyone but yourself to die.
Yes. I think everybody should die.
They try to ignore what's ugly.
These righteous people
who think they are so innocent.
They should all get washed away in mud.
They should lose everything.
God is much crueler than me.
Huh?
He uses one finger for a split second,
and he makes people
and their town disappear.
Everything gets wiped out.
After a decade, nobody remembers.
It's a done deal.
Their memories fade away.
They're preoccupied with their lives.
-You know?
-Oh.
Police are the only ones.
Huh?
They risk their lives for others.
I sympathize with you.
It's impressive.
Do you want to turn yourself in?
Like I said, I didn't do anything.
Listen.
My colleague got hit by a truck
that came out of the donut EP factory.
It's his fault, isn't it?
He could've dodged the truck.
Do you really think
you'll get off the hook?
It's god's decision.
He was destined to die.
It's none of my business.
Bye.
Little bastard.
Hey.
Hey. Open the door.
Open the door.
Ibuki.
OCTOBER 15TH, 2019
Ibuki. Wake up. Ibuki.
Wake up, Ibuki.
Hey.
Here comes the other dog.
You came to the dog pound.
What's the mask for?
This drug is more expensive than meth,
and it gets you higher than donut EP.
What's the point?
It's fun.
Forget your troubles and get high.
Just do what gives you pleasure.
One country was destroyed by opium.
A country goes down fast.
That's your goal?
There is no goal.
I just observe idiots do idiotic things.
Well.
Sleep tight.
Ibuki. Ibuki, wake up.
Ibuki.
Okay, okay…
Easy, easy…
Okay.
OCTOBER 16TH, 2019
Ibuki.
Hey. Morning.
Your buddy must have inhaled a lot.
He won't wake up.
How was it?
Did you get high?
Ibuki.
Wake up.
Hey, we should be partners.
Huh?
Etori was a dumb pervert,
but I think we could get along well.
I always wanted a cop friend.
First of all, you're getting arrested.
The police already know
that we're missing.
I know that's a lie.
It's strange enough
you came here separately.
There's no teamwork between you two.
Hence, I got you wasted.
I guess nobody would know if he dies here.
You carried a gun?
We carry at MIU.
MIU is useful. That makes me want
a friend from MIU even more.
You think I won't shoot?
I'm not sure.
In reality,
I could care less about other people.
I pretend to care.
I pretend I'm a good person.
I behave in a way
that makes me seem human.
You're just like me.
So, I can easily pull the trigger.
You like brain splattering?
I'm used to seeing corpses.
But you can't do it.
Because you're a cop doggy.
It'll break everyone's heart.
Your boss and colleagues will get fired.
Their families will suffer.
They'll be miserable.
That's a problem. What do I do?
Bark, bark…
It looks like you got company.
You lose, Shima.
You don't get it.
Ibuki will wake up
when he hears the gunshot.
When he wakes up and sees me dead…
my partner…
Ibuki will never forgive you.
Shima?
Hey, Shima. Where are you?
Hey. Morning.
-Who's Shima?
-My partner. Where is he?
Are you high?
What?
You came here alone, and up to this point,
you still are.
Listen.
What?
You want to be my partner?
Huh?
You don't seem like a cop.
It's not in you.
Like you would know.
I do this to get guys like my old self
get back on the right path.
Is that possible?
Aren't scumbags forever scumbags?
What if you just can't forgive someone?
Don't you have to kill him?
I'm a cop.
Of course you'd cling onto that.
You're nothing without that identity.
Sure, you're desperate.
What do you know?
You've a violent dog inside you
that gets enraged very fast.
I threw that away long ago.
Then why are you here alone?
Why did you come here alone?
You came here enraged,
wanting to kill me, no?
Your partner abandoned you.
Your impulse brought you here.
You haven't changed one bit.
You're still a scumbag.
Hence, you lose a friend.
What?
This is all on you.
You brought this upon yourself.
Shima.
Stop.
Don't kill him.
Well?
This is your biggest chance.
You can arrest me now for murder.
Thanks to your partner.
Stay a cop or go back to being a scumbag.
Well, if you want to stay a cop…
Shima.
OCTOBER 16TH, 2019
Hey.
Partner.
Say something.
I'm looking forward to the Olympics.
July 24th 2020.
The Olympic flame has been lit.
A historic moment.
He kept his lead and finishes
in 9.81 seconds.
He wins the gold medal.
Surfing will make
its debut appearance in the Olympics…
Setting off a switch
could get you in the wrong path.
No one knows until the switch is set off.
JULY 24TH, 2020
But if we could somehow stop
this from happening?
Wouldn't we want to?
OCTOBER 15TH, 2019
Prevent the worst from happening.
Mr. Jinba.
You've got to start eating these.
Your room will be full of udon.
I'll cook you some Hakata udon again.
Tell me how it's too soft.
If it ain't Hakata udon, what do you want?
We got Mizusawa, Inaniwa and miso.
I could make it here.
I can bring in a portable stove.
Throw out the water from the window.
Meeting you was quite a downer.
"Why do I have to partner up
with this weird old guy," I thought.
Mr. Jinba.
Once again…
Let's drink once again.
I'll stick around.
Mr. Jinba.
Mr. Jinba. What did you say?
Hakata udon.
It's too soft.
KOKONOE
MR. JINBA WOKE UP
MR. JINBA IS UP
HE'S REGAINED CONSCIOUSNESS!
YES!
Shima?
Shima.
Hey, Shima. Wake up.
Shima. Wake up, I said.
Hey. Wake up, Shima.
Hey…
What time is it?
I was high on drugs.
Ibuki.
Are we…?
Ouch.
-You up now?
-You…
I saw a horrible dream.
I did too.
Did that wake you up?
Yes, it did.
We're in a situation.
Not really. We can use our teeth.
Teeth are strong.
Okay.
-Raise your wrists.
-Go ahead.
Ouch, ouch…
My phone. My phone.
Yes.
Yes. Mr. Jinba woke up.
Huh?
Tokyo Bay?
Where shall I sink them?
-Makes you hungry.
-Very hungry.
-Same spot as last time?
-Right.
The spot near that deserted island.
Hey.
Help us.
Oh, no. Let's get out to the open sea.
-Open sea!
-Leave the country?
Yes. We're fleeing the country. Let's go.
Yes. Mr. Kokonoe.
Yes. The captain's here at the HQ.
Captain.
We've found Kuzumi's boat at Tokyo Bay.
Kuzumi?
If he gets to the open sea,
he'll get away.
I'm not aware of the situation.
Mr. Taniyama.
Call Coastal Safety at Wangan PD.
-Yes.
-Call the boats on duty.
Roger that. Starting search.
We are starting the search.
They're too fast I can't lose them!
Can't escape?
Going back.
How annoying.
What?
Allow me to direct the unit.
That's a tough one.
Kuzumi could get away while we explain
the situation to the new captain.
But we have to save the face
of your successor.
Is saving face more
important than the future?
If we let Kuzumi get away,
there will be more victims,
who may then become perpetrators.
If we fail to do what we can
in order to save face,
what's the meaning of our job?
Picking up small pieces
of justice one by one.
That's all we can do
for a brighter future.
Hello?
This is an urgent situation.
Kikyo will lead.
But…
I don't want to hear it.
Let her do this.
We prioritize the future.
Period.
I'll one day get sued for harassment.
I'll wire you 20 million if I get away.
Good luck.
Hey, Ken.
Thanks for the clothes.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
-I'm so salty.
-Towels.
-Thanks.
-The faucet's there.
Thanks.
May I use the changing room?
What is that?
It's our favorite van.
It's the Melon Bread-mobile.
All right.
Matching tees?
Don't look.
I'm getting psyched.
I'm not.
-I brought your jackets.
-Oh, thanks!
I got your shoes, so you could run.
Wow, Kyu-chan.
You brought my shoes. Thank you.
Kuzumi got to Takeshiba.
No.1 MIU and
the local police got this area.
Okay. Let's catch him.
Ibuki.
I'm sorry I acted alone.
Huh?
It was my mistake.
-Don't cry now.
-I'm not.
Let's go, idiots.
Okay. Hey, the back door is open.
Wait, wait.
No.1 HQ to all stations.
The bomber suspect is currently…
He landed on Takeshiba.
He might have grabbed a cab.
Send his portrait to taxi services.
If he's trying to hide in the crowd…
We're monitoring the cameras
in stations and intersections.
…blue tee with a purple colored shirt,
black pants with purple lines,
and white sneakers.
Cheers.
Where's that fool?
-Go get him.
-I will.
Run.
You know that private jet
you let me use before?
I know it's short notice,
but could you let me use it again?
What?
Excuse me for a second.
What's gotten into you?
Found you.
Did someone trip?
Kuzumi.
SHINAGAWA HOUSEBOAT
Hey.
It's game over.
No way. Seriously?
Excuse me. Police. I need you to go back.
Go back!
It's him again.
Kuzumi.
Stop.
That's it, that's it…
Kuzumi.
How tiring.
Kuzumi. Give yourself up.
Oh, boy.
Isn't it dangerous back there?
Huh?
It's approaching, right?
The bridge.
Hey.
Kuzumi, duck.
Kuzumi.
Dock the boat over there.
-Call an ambulance.
-Yes.
Kuzumi. Hey.
Hang in there. Kuzumi. Hey.
What are you doing, idiot?
Kuzumi.
Stay still. Stop, stop.
My friend chartered this boat.
I'll have a dozen of witnesses
of police violence.
-Oh, that hurts.
-Are you okay?
Stop hurting me.
I didn't do anything.
These cops are beating me.
They'll kill me.
Hey, Ken. Look at this.
What happened to you?
You're all red.
Let's take some together.
This is your ideal world, right?
You turned the world into this.
I will never forgive you for that.
I won't forgive you, so I won't kill you.
You won't get off the hook so easily.
You'll live.
And you'll suffer with us.
That's right.
Police. Nobody moves.
ONE MONTH LATER
MPD SHIBAURA POLICE STATION
Hey. You are all working hard.
Mr. Jinba. Aren't you supposed to rest?
I'm making some MIU udon.
And throw water out the window.
You mustn't.
I've some things
I'd like to propose at NPA.
"New System Reform?"
It might take a decade to realize.
"Protection program for informers."
"Abolishment of the revolving door."
This one's delicate.
Don't mention it for 20 years.
What?
We've evidence
that he was making drugs on his boat.
Kuzumi will be held responsible.
But we still have nothing
that proves his identity.
His passport was fake.
Since then, Kuzumi's been…
Totally silent.
He won't even chat.
So, he last spoke
in the conversation we had with him?
Your name?
Your real name.
I'm Kuzumi,
Gomi, Trash, Basura, Sseuregi…
Where did you grow up?
What would you prefer?
An unhappy upbringing?
Memories of a twisted childhood?
Victim of bullying?
You choose.
I will…
not become one of your stories.
Something there?
This is what he told me.
"They should all get washed away
in mud and lose everything."
Did he get washed away too?
His census register and everything?
That might be a lie.
Remember the backdoor story?
He planted backdoors
on systems that he developed.
What if one of them was
for the government?
He could've deleted his census register.
What if he had entered
the internal system of the police?
Wow…
That just gave me goosebumps.
That is horrifying.
We were able to stop him
before the worst could happen.
Yes.
Say, Shima.
You're not going to quit, are you?
SUMMER 2020
I can't believe
the Olympics didn't happen.
That was totally unexpected.
The virus trumps all.
The virus is so strong.
I don't want to lose to it.
Don't get competitive.
What's going to happen now?
We make decisions every day.
I might make a mistake again.
Huh?
But I guess recovering is what matters.
That's the spirit.
Stay away.
Social distance.
MPD to all stations.
Robbery in Jingu area.
Site: Kiyoibashi Intersection.
Cars in the area, respond.
MIU 404, heading from point zero. Over.